this is a ronald koeman one the category very important this one
victory
Yeah right
if you have a lot and you want to look higher
what we always try
these are important competitions
every match is important though
think it has been very important not only victory but very
certainly in the way
I think that deserved that because we are more busy as the opponent
put
and they have waited and
to us this is that left and that is work
as the game gets better and better and eventually it results
that we are in a very deserved victory what do you say if I also like your team as
the 20 17 is in a stadium
well
especially ask players what is it like before I want to do a warm up
well you see it saw that does not always mean if you have a win
then that it is an advantage of kia
how much the free kick president did not get to the stands also came to us first
themselves had some problems with it
but I thought that we dealt with it better also in the first eleven as as az
it in the second half
and a number of times well dangerous
to make a purchase
finally we started to play better and better in the game
and of course we have a fantastic first chance
Being able to say about the role of vandalism Lierse call is running out
nice way yes totally his game I found fantastic in midfield marcel
balvast
which is very aggressive
sometimes making too many meters, which is often not unnecessary, it turns out to be the case
that makes position
if you are 17 years old and you are no longer
first with a with clasie take as in midfield relative to az can
then that is a big compliment
the red card is no longer very important because you were already ahead
that moment it happened flat feyenoord the wood
with balls and how excited it is
he got a big hit
I also think it was a very justified red card, but they are missing
from behind the center line
yes then you ask for a red card but I think it is not too bad
he has been back in the field she said he could continue
yes that was no longer necessary we walked in with the first option is to utrecht
is a justified win in July he is important that they are different
victories also margin in advance looked at animal meadow duels this was anyway
maybe the bloated until the winter break doesn't say
after currently not seen the rankings
ballmer bin against rkc is higher next week than az
brig anp laurent ciman blood and syria is of course clear that
what is still there a team has had where a lot of football
and
when it is difficult to deal with but I think it was mainly our fault
the way hz plays that varied were better
Is this also means this also see what about the development of your team
Should the team have the goal he could just strike the man in the final stage against
such an opponent
yes also adv but i also like the peace in football i think
much better that we also think much better football players last year for years
we played much nicer
ear in switching with speed that still have to make through the sides
You also see a positional game hitting it once also a moment in the second
half japan
then that part is absolutely better than we were used to the two meters
surprisingly gerard meijer to look at that smile from ear to ear
year that happens again something very beautiful in the tub for your guidance
to get the feeling with will as according to after years of having that feeling
we also have it ourselves with the players and
he ruled that as grass feyenoord him
of course you are wonderful that you have your club again
yes that we count more and hold on to this as a free person
and trust is in the group then
is just like last season is just a lot of possible one more thing
loses house of vitesse to crawl incredible that before but also nice
what do you think of that development
fantastic for the competition that you become the vitesse win in eindhoven
it already makes an exciting of that
and everything crawling close to each other gets a spicy program
everyone until the winter break so
PSV is also not unapproachable months that we already knew and there is an extra
compliment to
but vitesse that they have that we are already turning to me vision congratulations
receive
jewel congratulations municipalities fall not the municipality